---
canvas:
  - "[[Plotting.canvas]]"
Plotting: []
---

Brenda is now a child and so Anne has started talking about waiting to have people over again, but Emma is hesitant about that idea. 

Anne is watching Clara, and notices that she had gotten her vampire fangs. So she talks to at least Sara, saying that she doesn't know what to do. She wants Cass (her oldest & human daughter) safe, but at the same time Sara wants Clara safe and free to be herself. Clara is a teething vampire, meaning now she can't be left alone with a human or alien child, not until she's much older, but that's no way to live, being watching every moment of the day no matter what. 

"Hey mom, got a minute?"

"Of course Anne, what's going on?"

"Clara got her fangs." 

Sara's eyes went big, "Already?"

"Yeah, "

Or maybe like Anne is sitting in the nursey watching Clara when she notices, and so Anne texts Sara and asks her to come down to the nursey when she gets a minute.

"Oh wow." Sara's eyes went big as she saw the toddler's fangs, "She's so young."

"I know, I- I mean I didn't get mine until I was a teen." 

Sara smiled at the fond memory. "Yeah I remember. Life is always throwing us curve balls it seems."

"Exactly, I mean it's not like I can just tell her to not bite Cass or Brenda, she's too young to understand something like that. I mean, what do we do, keep them separated at all times?"

"I'm not sure we can do that while they're living in the same house. Not to mention when Clara starts school."

"I hadn't even thought about that." Anne rubbed her temple. "I mean, we're Willow Creek, she'll need to blend in with humans if she's going to go to school here."

"Well, what if she doesn't go to school here? There are places like Forgotten Hollow were vampires are more common, and much more accepted." 

"But then what about Cass? She deserves to grow up as a regular human. She hasn't shown any interest in vampirism or darkness."

"You're right about that, she's much more into things like snowboarding." Sara nodded. "Well, maybe we should have a little adult family meeting about it. If we're talking about moving, it's going to affect everyone after all. I'll tell your sister and Jane, we can talk once all three girls are asleep." 

----

maybe there's even like a moment where the born vampire is talking to her two parents and she's like I just don't know what to do because my younger daughter is getting her fangs already she needs to be somewhere where she'll be safe and be able to be herself and all that. But quite frankly she doesn't know how to balance that with the needs of her oldest daughter who is fully human and has no interest in vampirism. And that's where one of her parents, the one that never really embraced vampirism, is like I could raise her as a human. Which could cause the sort of head of the family to be like well if we're honest with ourselves this isn't the safest place for the alien kid either, we need to talk to her mother too.

----

%% "I just don't what to do, Mom." Anne slumped her shoulders, " %%

%% That got Sara thinking. "I hate to say it, but it would be earlier to keep them being in the same room if they weren't in the same house. But moving would affect more than you and them. Let's get your sister and Jane."  %%

They decide to have a family meeting to discuss what's best for the 3 girls. Brenda needs to be hidden and protected, though maybe the other aliens have some ideas about keeping her safe. 

Have them start with Cass & Clara, get Jane and Emma up to speed on what Anne and Sara talked about. And then Emma brings up Brenda. 

-----

Idk if Jane asks to talk to Sara alone about this first?

"I could raise her as a human." Jane offered. 

"No offense dear, but with the way you burn up in the sun, you don't blend in well with humans." Sara said. 

"I wouldn't burn up if I took the cure you found. You said so yourself, it would probably work on me."

----

"I wish there was someone I could go to and ask about how to keep Brenda safe." Emma said. 

"It is not as though we can simply build a rocket ship and go visit her other parent to request their advice." Anne sighed. 

"Actually," Sara raised an eyebrow, "Maybe we can. I mean, not here, not in Willow Creek. But we've done extraordinary, some would say impossible things before." She glanced to Emma. 

Emma smiled back at her mother. "Maybe, the main things is I want to find a place where Brenda will be safe."

%% "We could at least try." Emma nodded. - or something how it's a possible next step, they aren't sure exactly of everything, but they want to sleep on it and take time to figure things out.  %%

Basically the goal is they talk about what's best for each of the girls, and they realize they need to split up. 

----

Now that Brenda is old enough to know better, Sarila calls a meeting of her vampire coven. 

She addresses how it's been a while, saying things have changed, and this isn't about how they've changed back, this is about how things are going to stay different moving forward for at least a long time. Maybe she offers to cure them?

Maybe the two bg members are the coven are like take the time you need, we don't mind. You gave us immortality, we're grateful for that. They aren't upset with her. 

Anne thinks it's nice to see Kaylie, and Kaylie is like "Hi... sorry that I haven't reached out in a while." She bit her lip with her flat teeth. 

"I apologize for my lack of communication as well; it is wonderful to see you. I have missed your company, but have been so busy of late." Anne shifted her weight, "Perhaps I shall soon have more time to socialize."

%% "Honestly I've felt so cooped up lately." %%

Kylie brightened and relaxed, "Yeah me too. Between school and the baby, I felt like I haven't had room to breath. But I just graduated, so I'm going to have more time now. Maybe we could go on a date some time?" 

"A night on the town would be wonderful. We could go wherever you would like, my treat in celebration of both your graduation and new child. That is a stellar accomplishment to say the least, I could not imagine juggling both. May I ask who the lucky person is that has won your heart? Only if you're willing." Anne winked. 

Kaylie blushed. "Um, well... actually she's your child." 

"Oh, she is?" Anne knew it didn't really add much to the conversation, but she was caught rather off guard. 

"Yeah, sorry for not saying anything sooner. We were so 'no strings' about everything, and like I said I've just been so busy. It's ok if you don't want to be involved in..." she trailed off. "What is it?" 

"Sorry, it's just... fate has such a sense of humor. I've been busy taking care of Clara, your other daughter." 

Kaylie stopped and her eyes went big, "My other daughter? Oh." She blinked. 

"Yes, Clara has been quite the handful. Even more so now that she's gotten her fangs at such a young age."

Kaylie sighed exasperated, "So has Lorelei. I don't know what to give her for teething, not with how sharp they are."

Maybe basically the two end up bonding over how alike the girls are. Maybe Kaylie already knew about Cassandra, and knows that's not her own daughter with Anne? Idk, the basic idea is that Anne & Kaylie reconnect and bond. They weren't ignoring each other, they wanted to see each other, but were both so busy taking care of a baby. Like each one cares so much about their daughter that they put the new baby above things like going out to clubs.  

Anne says how she wants to move somewhere occult-friendly for Clara. And Kaylie was already looking to move out of Forgotten Hollow. 

"Not that I don't love my mom and Uncle Caleb, but that house just really isn't big enough for all four of us, and it's only going to get worse as Lorelei gets older. There's nothing available in Forgotten Hallow, so I've been looking at places in Ravenwood. While it's not blessed with eternal night, it's a very supernatural-friendly place."

"Ravenwood? I have not heard of it before, but it does sound interesting. I don't think Willow Creek will be a good fit for raising Clara moving forward, as it will be rather difficult for her to blend in with humans. At least when I had to as a child, I didn't have my fangs yet." 

"I don't have enough money saved up yet for my own place. But maybe together, we could find a small place in Ravenwood to raise the girls?" Kaylie's tone was the opposite of confident. "I mean if you're interested in that sort of thing." 

"I definitely am." Anne smirked. "Let me talk to my mother, we can probably do better than a small place. Perhaps that date could be in Ravenwood, I would like to see it for myself." 

----

don't have it be that they were ignoring each other. Have it both be that they're strong independent woman that don't need no man and didn't feel the need to call each other but now everyone's getting back together because the alien is old enough she's a kid she knows better now, they start talking and they're like well awkward thing I have your kid do you want to meet your toddler daughter? And they're both like oh you too? And I cuz I could have it be that they weren't really looking to move in with each other but then once they both know that they both have each other's daughter, then maybe that changes how they feel about things and maybe they decided to see if they can make this work. She wants to live somewhere where she can just be a vampire and not have to blend in with humans when she goes out front in her yard. Not that she really goes out in the yard but that's not the point. And like I said maybe her own daughter recently got vangs at a very young age. Because she's still just a toddler, the born vampire mom is like wanting to be somewhere else and then she finds out that oh she has another daughter with this lovely vampire. And you know maybe at first she doesn't know how to feel about the whole thing, but given some time to think about it, maybe she decides she wants to get to know her daughter and wants to see if they can live together. Maybe they don't like immediately hop into marriage or anything like that, but maybe they're both like well you know it'd be nice to try this, to see what we think of it.