---
canvas:
  - "[[Plotting.canvas]]"
Plotting: []
---
So something I thought I had explained but I guess I didn't, The strangerville Arc is not a long ago thing. It's actually more recent, it's actually what she was doing right before the werewolf thing. I mean maybe they have like a little bit of time to relax and catch their breath, but not super long. I've talked about how the family is going to split up. Right now in the safe file in The Sims they're all living in one big house well not literally all, Lilith and her daughter and Lila's granddaughter are not there, and that's part of why the splitting up is because I don't want to add three more Sims to this house that already has seven. I will lose my little mind. So I'm breaking them up into smaller households and having them live separately, and narratively I'm using the excuse of it's what's best for each of the for granddaughters. The one that eventually turns into the werewolf was born human and loves nature and outdoor and rule environments. So the grandmother that later becomes the ferry cures her own vampirism and goes to raise the human girl as a human in nature. Well and she doesn't tell the kid that she's going to look for some other way to be immortal at least she can still be with the vampire matriarch long term, but right now she's a human racing a human in nature. And the one granddaughter that's an alien that's cousin to the other three granddaughters isn't safe on Earth and so they moved to strangerville to research and try to find ways to get her connected with the rest of her family the alien side of her family that none of them have ever really met before. Strangerville seems like the best place to do things like build a rocket and get involved in a science career and that kind of thing. So that's where the matriarch the former Ghost and the alien go to strangerville to help her. And the friend follows along as a neighbor he decides to move in near them, to stay with them. Because he's missed his friend they haven't really been around each other that much lately because of the alien baby. And then the born vampire her vampire partner and her two teasing with fangs vampire toddlers move into a big mansion and this is where all the families assets go, this is part a big lovely house and part a storage warehouse. This is where they keep all the wealth this is where they keep all the stuff this is where everything is safe, this is the actual home base for everyone even though this is not where everyone lives. This is still the central hub of the family even if the family is now like branched out and is sperate households. Eventually The matriarch does build a rocket and they figure out how to introduce the alien child to her other parent the alien parent, and between the alien parent and her former ghost mother and her vampire grandmother the child wants to learn about the rest of her heritage, because that's far she's only lived on Earth with humans even though she's a full blooded alien and has an alien parent that lives on an alien planet, plus she'll be safer on that other planet than she will be on earth. So at least temporarily she moves to that planet. And the former ghost mother and the vampire grandmother are sad about this like happy sad. They're happy that she's safe they're happy that she's getting to do what she wants they're happy that she's exploring the other part of her heritage. And they're sad when they come home and the girl is not in her bedroom. And they know that they're not going to see her for at least a very long time if ever. I don't exactly know why but they can't just hop in the rocket and go say hi. And especially the ghost mother is very depressed she leaned to heavily into having her whole life be about protecting her alien daughter, and now that's gone even if she's safe she's gone, and so she has to figure out what her life is now. And that's hard. The former ghost decides to sort of move back to the new home base and try living with her sister the born vampire for a little while. She eventually gets to exploring around ravenwood and decides to get her own house somewhere else in ravenwood and life works for the grim reaper and really embraces and explores this whole she is a form of ghost and she's still in touch with all of that, basically everything life and death pack has to offer maybe a few other things. But really getting in touch with that part of herself. She focused entirely on her child, and so now that her child isn't around she feels lost and so she like is exploring herself I guess she's just also having a little bout of sort of depression along the way. And that leaves the matriarch and her friend as neighbors in strangerville, and she's different she doesn't want to just go back to base she doesn't just want to go back to the home. She's been working the military career since they moved to strangerville in the first place to help them blend in, and she's been hanging out at the bar since they got there to help land in, and she leans heavily into both of those because like she does want to go back to her family and she understands needing support and she doesn't want to isolate herself but at the same time she just needs a little time to process this by herself is what she feels like. And maybe this is why later she tells the werewolf to not cut herself off from her family and to let them be there for you is because she did that and it didn't end well. I mean I guess it ultimately ended well, but initially it ended with her friend being infected by the strangerville virus and her having to go deal with that and save him. Also I have this element where the matriarch has this vampire power that can really sense and feel and detect things. When she senses the werewolf magic she can tell that her granddaughter is going to be okay. When she senses what's going on with her best friend during the strangerville thing, she can tell he's not going to be okay that she has to do something or he won't be okay. This is something to be fixed or cured or eradicated. This is not something to just be lived with, she can feel it in her bones. So she kind of drives herself a little bit crazy trying to save him. And she does end up saving him, she just kind of goes batshit and on a rampage in the meantime and I don't want it to be immediately it's not like the next day that the teenager has turned into a werewolf, but pretty soon after. I don't know maybe her and her friend temporarily park themself at the family house for a little r&r? He's never really lived in their house before, but extenuating circumstances. Just like a temporary let's get the fuck up out of strangerville let's just go crash at my daughter's place for a little while it's a big house there's plenty of room don't worry. Or if you want to go crash in the desert neighborhood that you're from you can do that, and he's like nah I'm good let's go to ravenwood I don't really want to be in a desert right now. And then not long like you know they lick their wounds and they get back to being okay but not long after that the matriarchs wife calls and tells them that the supposably human child is not so human no more and is a teenager of course but you know whatever. I mean not that becoming a werewolf made her to a teenager she grew up into a teenager and then she got bit by a werewolf did no she was bit by a werewolf thought she was just scratched and sick because when you go exploring underground tunnels sometimes you get hurt and when you're a human sometimes you get sick. She didn't think anything of it, and then suddenly she's a wolf rampaging around and so the now fairy grandmother is like I need help I can't do this by myself. And so of course the matriarch is like be there as soon as I can and then tells her friend come on let's go. And then there's going to be several things that happened with the werewolf, her losing control, the vampire matriarch realizing that very magic can interface with werewolf magic and having the fairy draining the fury from the werewolf, until that doesn't work on the full moon and just all kinds of stuff like that. During the full moon the grandmother gets to observe her friend fighting the werewolf, and seeing the wolf on the surface helps her understand that the wolf is angry it feels anger and this anger feels similar to her own anger, and so that's where she starts to talk about anger management strategies with her granddaughter, and her granddaughters like what do you know about anger you never get angry, your grandmother just went to a homicidal rage to save my life like a few weeks ago kid you have no clue what the fuck you're talking about. I mean that's not literally word for word what he's going to say but that's going to be kind of where his mind is at that moment of like you have no idea what you're talking about, I have known her for decades and she is the definition of Hot Head and it's still in there, this is not just something that she was back when she was human or long ago or decades ago, that pissed off punk that I found in a gym before your mother was born is still the woman in front of me. 