---
canvas:
  - "[[Plotting.canvas]]"
Plotting:
  - "[Aging](Aging.md)"
  - "[Some more thoughts](Some%20more%20thoughts.md)"
---
So I've been working on plotting out a Sims story in the Sims 4. Sometimes I have to bend/ignore how the game works, but is my story & telling that story matters more than the limits of the game. 

---

# Sims 4 Story: The Yootz Family

The story revolves around a powerful, chaotic, and loving occult family led by Sara Yootz, **Vampire Matriarch** (who was turned by Lilith Vatore during her second pregnancy), and her wife Jane Yootz (who's currently the first vampire the matriarch turned, will get cured into a human, and later on becomes a fairy). The family has been living together but some facts of biology is going to force them a split. 

The have technically 3 young adult / adult daughters, two of which have been living with them their whole lives. 

The older of the two that live with them is Emma. She was born human, drown as a child, was resurrected with Ambrosia, and asked to be turned into a vampire by Sara when she was old enough. So Emma is now a young adult former ghost turned vampire, who has given birth to an alien child (Brenda). Emma can be in the sun due to lingering after effects of being a ghost as child. 

The daughter that doesn't live with them is Emma's twin Savanna. She moved out as a teenager because she couldn't handle all the super natural things in the house. Trying to be on her own in the city starting as a teen that hadn't even graduated high school hasn't worked well for her. She has a dead teenage daughter, a young grandson, and a young son. Probably going to age her up and let her die. Probably not from old age. Savanna's most recent interaction with Emma was to see her in public at a festival, and immediately start trying to beat her up unprovoked. Emma being a vampire one the fight. 

Sara and Jane's youngest daughter is a young adult named Anne, and she is the other child that has lived in their house since she was born. Sara was bit and turned into a vampire while pregnant with Anne (like I said during Sara's second pregnancy), therefore Anne was born a vampire and is immune to sunlight. Anne got her fangs as a teenager, and lives on blood. Anne has two daughters: Cassandra (or Cass for short, a human child from a no-strings-attached fling), and Clara (another born vampire). Clara's other parent is Kaylie Vatore, the daughter of Lilith Vatore and Alexander Goth (and yes Anne and Kaylie are both female, just like how Sara & Jane are, I have a mod so sex-sex sims can get each other pregnant even at the same time). The relationship with Anne and Kaylie was another fling. 

Clara is a toddler, and while the game doesn't support this, I'm saying she is already getting her vampire fangs and vampire strength. Causing Anne to call a family meeting with herself, Sara, Jane, & Emma to discuss how to handle this, because a fanged teething toddler means Brenda & Cass aren't safe alone around Clara. 

They decide on a split: For the physical safety of other two children, they adult decide to split into three separate households: (with current ages)

1. Anne (YA) & Clara (toddler) in a large nice house. 
2. Jane (YA) will cure herself of vampirism to raise Cass (child) someone away in the woods because Cass is outdoorsy. 
3. Sara (YA) & Emma (YA) while find somewhere to keep Brenda (child) hidden & safe. 

Because of this, Sara calls a meeting of her vampire coven. This includes the vampires she's turned, the vampire that turned her (Lilith), and Lilith's daughter (Kaylie). To let them know she's moving and will continue to be out of contact for a time, but will eventually have regular meetings again. 

Maybe she mentions Anne will be available? Idk, that feels weird. 

There has not been regular meetings since Brenda was born to hide Brenda from everyone for Brenda's safety. Sara doesn't tell them about Brenda, just giving you background info. 

During this meeting, the second vampire Sara ever turned & who was her gym buddy even back when they were both human, Don Lothario, can tell something is up and privately asks to be brought in on what's going on and if he can help. He's been emotionally supportive as a friend since before she was a vampire, so Sara decides she can trust him and tells him. He decides to "tag along" and come with them to help. 

Also during this meeting, Anne and Kaylie get to talking, and realize they've both not been going out on the town because they've both been busy raising the other one's daughter. Plus, Kaylie is a young adult that has trying to start her own jewelry making business to support herself & her daughter so she can move them out of her mother's house. They get to talking about how both toddlers have fangs and how parenting a tiny vampire is hard. And there is still some romance between them, so they decide to give co-habitation (and co-parenting) a try. Kaylie tells Anne about how she was thinking about Ravenwood as a safe place to raise her fanged daughter, as it's a supernatural-friendly area. This peeks Anne's interest and she says she'll talk to her mothers about it later. Basically that Anne wants to see the place fro herself, but she thinks she can convince her parents to give her a big enough portion of the family's wealth and assets to get at least a decent sized house. 

The four adults from the main family talk again, and they end up deciding that a mansion and ravenwood will be the new base, and that's where Anne (with her vampire level of Kaylie and to vampire toddlers will be). While Cass goes with Jane. 

When they tell the girls what is going to happen, Brenda asked what about her other mother, since Cass and Clara both have other mothers. And that kind of spurs on the idea to build our rocket ship and try to find Brenda's other parent. So they moved to a strangerville, well Brenda Emma and Sara. Like I said Don kind of follows along, he gets a house in the same neighborhood as them. 

Anne helps Kaylie get high-paying customers in elite society, using her natural high class ways. She hosts parties, builds fame, and the care of their young daughters. 

In Strangerville, Sara and Don join the military to blend in. Emma gets a job in the science career to see if she can find a way to help Brenda. Sara builds a rocket. They find Brenda's other parent. Brenda decides to try living with them, she's curious about the culture and her heritage. Emma's entire purpose had been about her alien daughter Brenda, so once she's gone Emma falls into a bit of a depression. She decides to go try living with her sister and Ravenwood in the large house. She's not certain that will help, she's more just deeply lost and doesn't want to stay in that house where her child's bedroom is empty. Sara is also out of sorts about it. She doesn't want to face her daughter's or her wife, so she stays in strangerville for a bit longer with Don as her neighbor. She leans into her work, and they've been plenty of time at the local bar. Don gets infected, and she has to solve the strangerville mystery to fix him (no spoilers please, I haven't actually played it ever before). I hope there's a part that can be helped by fighting, because I kind of want her to lose her shit and get pissed and just come out swinging and with injuries. I don't know maybe that's another one of those things I'll have to sort of revise? We'll see. Anyway wounded and bandaged, they head as far away from any desert as they can and to Anne's House. Emma has already gotten her own house and is exploring basically everything after life and ghosts and whatnot. 

Jane and Cassandra find a nice place in the woods, because Cassandra has enjoyed camping since she was a toddler, so she gets to be outdoors and be a human child. Like I said Jane signs up for this to take the cure, she misses being outdoors she misses the Sun, she never really embraced being a vampire or their dark power. She tells most of them it's to help raise Cass. Jane tells Sarah that she will look for another way to be immortal, Jane tells everyone else she's just looking for beautiful landscapes for inspiration for her paintings. Cass grows up to a teenager, they get more settled in. spends time exploring nature, and eventually discovers fairies and eventually becomes one without telling Cassandra. Cass spends time exploring and hiking. One day she gets a bite, then she gets fever, then she transforms into a feral werewolf. More or less. I'm leaving out some details but it's fine, Jane transforms into her tiny very form to escape the werewolf, and then calls Sara for backup. 

There's a lot more after that, but the important part and like the thing I want to ask about is so right now I was playing the part when Cass, Brenda, and Clara were toddlers before the game had the update that had infants. And I am thinking about kind of going back and retconning things. Because at this point the two pregnancies for Brenda and Clara happened at about the same time (more overlapped than not), and like the same length and so they're set to age up to the sims next life stage at about all the same times, within just days of each other each time. I'm thinking about changing that and about having the alien come to physical maturity and grow faster and having the second generation born vampire age slower is a new idea that I've just kind of stumbled into after plotting all this out, and like I said I'm thinking about basically retconning that. By which I mean loading up an old save file to take pictures, not going back in like actually replaying everything, just doing enough to have pictures of making it look like the pregnancy for Brenda the alien child went faster and like she aged faster and grew up faster and like even things like switching from nursing to food faster. Kind of have this be sort of like an adaption that she reaches physical maturity quickly. I don't know like as far as like total lifespan length or anything like that, just have her get to the part where she's a kid faster. Like faster than a regular human, like her cousin Cassandra. And then have the thing with Clara like the pregnancy and when she's a baby and all that last longer for her because well she's going to be a vampire basically from birth. Whereas with her mother and it was kind of a latent thing, it was kind of a activated by puberty sort of thing. Whereas with Clara I'm thinking about having it be that she pretty much gets her fangs as soon as she's weaned, like the idea that the only reason she wasn't fanged and drinking blood already is that she was getting it from her mother's milk. Anne was born a vampire, she wasn't turned, and I call her the born vampire sometimes, but like I said her real vampire powers didn't manifest until she hit being a teenager, effectively puberty causing her vampire nature to mature as well. Heck I could even have it be that Kaylee like the reason she was technically a teenager is just because she was aging slow, maybe she was already out of high school when her and Anne were having their fling. 

Anyway I know I want to continue playing from the save for like for example Brenda is already a child, I'm just thinking about loading up an older save taking a few pictures to make it look like Brenda was aging faster than Clara, and using those in the story, and then continuing back from the save where Brenda is already a child and having the family split up from that save. 

Because it wouldn't take too much to basically stage some pictures, have Brenda be born and make sure Anne is only in the second trimester of pregnancy instead of the third. Have a moment where Sarah and Ann are talking to each other and Sarah is using the magic of the vampires to check on the unborn Clara, and Sarah tells her no she's fine she's just taking her time I guess, like she's healthy I can feel it if anything she's going to be a very powerful vampire feels like or something like that. Like everything points to everything is fine it's just being slow. Heck I could even avoid them needing to go to Lilith, because I could have like I could just add back in a little moment where way back when Sara was pregnant with and have Lilith be like what was the pregnancy taking any longer than it should, I probably won't even need a picture for that I can probably just edit in a line somewhere, because I already have a moment where Sara is telling Lilith but I'm fucking pregnant more or less. Because she's a newly turned vampire and at least in her second trimester and a little frustrated at things (between being bit and being turned and having been recently puking her guts out all the damn time), so it would fit. Well, and I have Lilith checking on Sara later. Maybe Lilith told Sara that in general vampire pregnancies just take longer. 

Idk, I guess I'm not sure how I want to feel about it, because I don't want to make seem human in comparison. I have this idea that she's special as she wasn't bit. She's like a born vampire and a turned vampire, but not like a human. Though given that's she's unique, Idk if it would make sense for her children to be unique as well? Anne ate normal human food as a child, and it would really really hard to entirely edit that part out at this point. 

Or what if it's normal for child & toddler vampires to get their fangs and that's part of why Anne is unique? Not to make her more human, but that... idk how to phrase it. 